# configuration

_C2C CI utils configuration file_

## Properties

- **`audit`** _(object)_: The audit configuration.
  - **`npm`**: Refer to _#/definitions/audit_npm_.
  - **`outdated_versions`**: Refer to _#/definitions/audit_outdated_versions_.
  - **`pip`**: Refer to _#/definitions/audit_pip_.
  - **`pipenv`**: Refer to _#/definitions/audit_pipenv_.
  - **`pipfile`**: Refer to _#/definitions/audit_pipfile_.
  - **`pipfile_lock`**: Refer to _#/definitions/audit_pipfile_lock_.
  - **`print_versions`**: Refer to _#/definitions/print_versions_.
- **`checks`** _(object)_: The checkers configurations.
  - **`black`**: Refer to _#/definitions/checks_black_.
  - **`black_config`**: Refer to _#/definitions/checks_black_config_.
  - **`prospector_config`**: Refer to _#/definitions/checks_prospector_config_.
  - **`codespell`**: Refer to _#/definitions/checks_codespell_.
  - **`editorconfig`**: Refer to _#/definitions/checks_editorconfig_.
  - **`eof`**: Refer to _#/definitions/checks_eof_.
  - **`gitattribute`**: Refer to _#/definitions/checks_gitattribute_.
  - **`isort`**: Refer to _#/definitions/checks_isort_.
  - **`print_config`**: Refer to _#/definitions/checks_print_config_.
  - **`required_workflows`**: Refer to _#/definitions/checks_required_workflows_.
  - **`versions`**: Refer to _#/definitions/checks_versions_.
  - **`workflows`**: Refer to _#/definitions/checks_workflows_.
  - **`prettier`**: Refer to _#/definitions/checks_prettier_.
  - **`print_versions`**: Refer to _#/definitions/print_versions_.
- **`pr-checks`** _(object)_: The PR check configuration.
  - **`print_event`**: Refer to _#/definitions/pr_checks_print_event_.
  - **`commits_messages`**: Refer to _#/definitions/pr_checks_commits_messages_.
  - **`commits_spell`**: Refer to _#/definitions/pr_checks_commits_spell_.
  - **`pull_request_spell`**: Refer to _#/definitions/pr_checks_pull_request_spell_.
  - **`pull_request_labels`**: Refer to _#/definitions/pr_checks_pull_request_labels_.
  - **`add_issue_link`**: Refer to _#/definitions/pr_checks_add_issue_link_.
- **`publish`** _(object)_: The publishing configurations.
  - **`docker`**: Refer to _#/definitions/publish_docker_.
  - **`pypi`**: Refer to _#/definitions/publish_pypi_.
  - **`helm`**: Refer to _#/definitions/publish_helm_.
  - **`google_calendar`**: Refer to _#/definitions/publish_google_calendar_.
  - **`print_versions`**: Refer to _#/definitions/print_versions_.
- **`version`** _(object)_: The version configurations.
  - **`branch_to_version_re`**: Refer to _#/definitions/version_transform_.
  - **`tag_to_version_re`**: Refer to _#/definitions/version_transform_.
- **`k8s`** _(object)_: Default: `{}`.
  - **`k3d`** _(object)_: Default: `{}`.
    - **`install-commands`** _(array)_: Default: `[['k3d', 'cluster', 'create', 'test-cluster', '--no-lb', '--no-rollback']]`.
      - **Items** _(array)_
        - **Items** _(string)_
  - **`db`** _(object)_: Database configuration. Default: `{}`.
    - **`chart-options`** _(object)_: Can contain additional properties. Default: `{'persistence.enabled': 'false', 'tls.enabled': 'true', 'tls.autoGenerated': 'true', 'postgresqlPassword': 'mySuperTestingPassword', 'volumePermissions.enabled': 'true'}`.
      - **Additional Properties** _(string)_

## Definitions

- **`audit_npm`**: The npm audit configuration.
- **`audit_outdated_versions`** _(boolean)_: Audit of outdated version.
- **`audit_pip`** _(boolean)_: Audit the requirements.txt files.
- **`audit_pipenv`**: The audit Pipfile and Pipfile.lock configuration (old version).
- **`audit_pipfile`**: The audit Pipfile configuration.
- **`audit_pipfile_lock`**: The audit Pipfile.lock configuration.
- **`checks_black`**: The Black check configuration.
- **`checks_prettier`**: The Prettier check configuration.
- **`checks_black_config`**: The Black configuration check configuration.
- **`checks_prospector_config`**: The Prospector configuration check configuration.
- **`checks_codespell`**: The codespell check configuration.
- **`checks_editorconfig`**: The editorconfig configuration check configuration.
- **`checks_eof`** _(boolean)_: Check the end-of-file.
- **`checks_gitattribute`** _(boolean)_: Run the Git attributes check.
- **`checks_isort`**: The isort check configuration.
- **`checks_print_config`** _(boolean)_: The print the configuration including the auto-generated parts.
- **`checks_required_workflows`**: The required workflow check configuration.
- **`checks_versions`**: The version check configuration.
- **`checks_workflows`**: The workflows checks configuration.
- **`pr_checks_print_event`** _(boolean)_: Print the GitHub event object.
- **`pr_checks_commits_messages`**: Check the pull request commits messages.
- **`pr_checks_commits_spell`**
- **`pr_checks_pull_request_spell`**
- **`pr_checks_pull_request_labels`** _(boolean)_: According the create changelog configuration.
- **`pr_checks_add_issue_link`** _(boolean)_
- **`publish_docker`**: The configuration used to publish on Docker.
- **`publish_google_calendar`**: The configuration to publish on Google Calendar. Default: `{}`.
- **`publish_pypi`**: Configuration to publish on pypi. Default: `{}`.
- **`publish_helm`**: Configuration to publish Helm charts on GitHub release.
- **`print_versions`** _(object)_: The print versions configuration.
  - **`versions`** _(array)_
    - **Items** _(object)_
      - **`cmd`** _(array)_: The command that should be used.
        - **Items** _(string)_
      - **`name`** _(string)_: The name.
      - **`prefix`** _(string)_: Prefix added when we print the version.
- **`version_transform`** _(array)_: A version transformer definition.
  - **Items** _(object)_
    - **`from`** _(string)_: The from regular expression.
    - **`to`** _(string)_: The expand regular expression: https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html#re.Match.expand.
